Blogpost-no-divergent-branches (#957)
packit/packit.dev: posts/no-divergent-branches/index.md

---
title: "No More Divergent Branches with Packit!"
date: 2024-10-28T10:46:18+02:00
authors: mmassari
tags:
  - propose-downstream
  - pull-from-upstream
  - downstream
  - configuration
---

> Were you annoyed by Packit creating divergent branches in your project's downstream? You'll be happy to know that Packit now supports a new `dist_git_branches` syntax that enables fast-forwarding commits between branches.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Were you annoyed by Packit creating divergent branches in your package's dist-git repository? You'll be happy to know that Packit now supports a new `dist_git_branches` syntax that enables fast-forwarding commits between branches.
```
sounds a bit more precise to me
